docs: update API STYLE.md (#21469)
envoyproxy/envoy: api/STYLE.md

       deps = ["@com_github_cncf_udpa//udpa/annotations:pkg"],
   )
   ```
1. If this is still WiP and subject to breaking changes, please tag it
   `option (xds.annotations.v3.file_status).work_in_progress = true;` and
   optionally hide it from the docs (`[#not-implemented-hide:]`).
1. Make sure your proto imports the v3 extension config proto (`import "udpa/annotations/status.proto";`)
1. Make sure your proto is tracked as ready to be used
   (`option (udpa.annotations.file_status).package_version_status = ACTIVE;`).

>    This is required to automatically include the config proto in [api/versioning/BUILD](versioning/BUILD) under `active_protos`. Without it `proto_format.sh` will delete the proto file.

Author: Updated.

> 1. Add a reference to the v3 extension config in (2) in [api/BUILD](BUILD) under `v3_protos`. Without this, `proto_format.sh` will erase any imports of your proto file from other proto files.

Author: Done.

       deps = ["@com_github_cncf_udpa//udpa/annotations:pkg"],
   )
   ```
1. If this is still WiP and subject to breaking changes, please tag it
   `option (xds.annotations.v3.file_status).work_in_progress = true;` and
   optionally hide it from the docs (`[#not-implemented-hide:]`).
1. Make sure your proto imports the v3 extension config proto (`import "udpa/annotations/status.proto";`)
1. Make sure your proto is tracked as ready to be used
   (`option (udpa.annotations.file_status).package_version_status = ACTIVE;`).
   This is required to automatically include the config proto in [api/versioning/BUILD](versioning/BUILD) under `active_protos`.

> 1. Add a reference to the v3 extension config in (2) in [api/BUILD](BUILD) under `v3_protos`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add a reference to the v3 extension config in [api/BUILD](BUILD) under `v3_protos`.
```

Author: Done.

     message YourFilterConfig {
     }
     ```
1. If you introduce a new extension category, you'll also need to add its name
   under `categories` in: [tools/extensions/extensions_schema.yaml](../tools/extensions/extensions_schema.yaml).
1. Update
   [source/extensions/extensions_build_config.bzl](../source/extensions/extensions_build_config.bzl) or [contrib/contrib_build_config.bzl](../contrib/contrib_build_config.bzl)
   to include the new extension.
1. If the extension is not hidden, find or create a docs file with a toctree
   and to reference your proto to make sure users can navigate to it from the API docs
   (and to not break the docs build), like [docs/root/api-v3/admin/admin.rst](../docs/root/api-v3/admin/admin.rst).

> 1. Run `./tools/proto_format/proto_format.sh fix`. Before running the script, you will need to commit your local changes to make them effective,
>    otherwise it will skip proto_format.sh due to no API change detected. This should regenerate the `BUILD` file and reformat `foobar.proto` as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `./tools/proto_format/proto_format.sh fix`. **Before running the script**, you will need to **commit your local changes**. By adding the commit, the tool will recognize the change, and will regenerate the `BUILD` file and reformat `foobar.proto` as needed. If you have not followed any of the above steps correctly `proto_format.sh` may remove some of the files that you added. If that is the case you can revert to the committed state, and try again once any issues are resolved.
```

Author: Done.
